= Heroku Backup Command

Plugin that provides the backup command for the heroku gem. This allows you
to automate the process of backing up bundles to S3.

== Installation

If you haven't already, install hone's fabulous herocutter plugin:

    $ heroku plugins:install git://github.com/hone/heroku_herocutter.git

After that, a simple

    $ heroku plugins:install backup

will get you up and running.

== Setup

This plugin requires two environment variables:

    AMAZON_ACCESS_KEY_ID

    AMAZON_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY

You can also still use the old style - namely, using config/amazon_s3.yml
(the S3 config file used with the paperclip gem).  Another option would be
to store these keys on Heroku and retrieve them from there, allowing this
plugin to work from any collaborator's machine.  If you want to implement
this, then fork fork fork it!

You'll also need to make sure that you've enabled the Single Bundle addon
for your app:

    $ heroku addons:add bundles:single

== Usage

From your project's root directory:

    $ heroku backup

That'll make the magic happen.

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== ChangeLog

*0.3* 7/13/10

* Credentials can be specified with environment variables or 
  config file. (ntjh and herestomwiththeweather)
* S3 Bucket is created automatically, if not found. (nthj)

== Contributors

* Nathaniel Jones (nthj)
* Tom Brown (herestomwiththeweather)

== Thanks

Special thanks goes out to hone for explaining the heroku plugin API to me,
and for letting me gank the layout of his README.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Matt Buck. See LICENSE for details.

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.
